O·liv·o·lo·gy
Every breakthrough technology comes with a new vernacular. So we’ve defined essential terms and big ideas as Olive – and her world – has evolved. Here’s a definition key so we’re all speaking the same language. We call it Olivology.

Artificial Intelligence: Artificial intelligence (AI) is the ability of a computer or a bot controlled by a computer to do tasks that are usually done by humans because they require human intelligence and discernment.
AI-as-a-Service: Olive is the only healthcare-specific artificial intelligence solution sold as a service – that means one simple price and an all-in-one approach to optimized workflows, reduced costs and increased capacity. As an AI-as-a-Service partner, Olive Works with healthcare organizations to expertly identify and prioritize processes for automation, quickly build AI solutions, and ensure success, performance and efficiency over time.
Alpha: Where Olive and the AI workforce begins. Alpha is the first phase of discovery of all the ways Olive can have an impact prior to her first day of work. Includes prospecting, scoping, mapping and creation.
AlphaSite:  An Olive AlphaSite is a dedicated command center for AI, giving healthcare organizations a 360-degree view of enterprise-wide opportunities for automation. An AlphaSite equips leaders with the speed, agility and impact to drive enterprise-wide transformation and continued value.
Computer Vision: Computer vision technology, or CV, enables a computer to “see” and interact with a user interface the same way a human would, only faster, smarter and more accurately. 
CPA:  A Candidate Process for Automation. The purpose of automation is to take repetitive, high-volume tasks and offload them to an AI workforce, freeing up your human employees for more complex, more rewarding work. Any task that is time-consuming, requires a lot of manual effort, and is done in a similar way each time is a perfect candidate process for automation.
Cybernetics: The science of communications and automatic control systems in both machines and humans. Think of it as the concept of Olive and humans working together in the same time and space – Olive Helps working hand-in-hand with healthcare workers to give them real-time intelligence to do their jobs more effectively is a perfect example of cybernetics at work.
Effectiveness: The total number of successful tasks Olive completed over the full volume of work Olive was assigned. This percentage is internally monitored to ensure that Olive is doing her job extremely well, and acts as a clue to workflow issues that can be identified and resolved by Omega. 
Go1: The first of many Olive coaches that showcase a mobile AlphaSite and other Olive capabilities on-the-go. The Go1 treks the country, bringing Olive directly to customers to collaborate and deliver impact in an interactive way.
Horizon: A small team at Olive that quickly builds experimental tools for Olive that are put into the Beta program for AlphaSite customers to test out.
Humanpower: A direct comparison of Olives output to a human’s output in the same amount of time.
Internet of Healthcare (IoH): At Olive, we’re helping build the internet of healthcare to replace the current practice of using humans as healthcare “routers.” We do this by building data exchange and transport firmware into every Olive, effectively building a network and increasing interoperability with every Olive we deploy.

Loop: Loops, analogous to apps in an app store, are programs that work on the Olive Helps platform to provide real time intelligence to users. These loops will be created by technology partners and health systems, and will be available to purchase on the Loop Library. 

Loop Library: The Loop Library is the ‘app store’ from which users can select their Olive Helps Loops.

Machine Learning: Machine Learning (ML) allows Olive to find patterns in data without instruction, giving her the ability to learn and improve from each task.
OHM: An OHM is a message Olive sends to a human. An OHM also allows for a human to respond to a message from Olive.
Olive Knows: Olive Knows represents Olive’s brain of everything she knows. Olive collects data from all the work she does to create insights to drive improved performance and value. With Olive Knows, hospitals can benefit from the intelligence of every Olive deployed across healthcare, so they’re able to reap the collective benefits of new solutions and best practices across the organizations that Olive serves.
Olive Works: Olive Works to automate high-volume tasks and workflows to make healthcare more efficient, affordable and effective. Olive Works to uncover waste, track down efficiencies, and highlight human potential with AI. 
Olive Helps: Olive Helps human workers transform into superhuman workers through real-time intelligence that improves the quality, speed and impact of their work. This platform works hand-in-hand with human workers, giving healthcare workers the info they need – right when they need it – using cybernetic loops. Olive Helps increase efficiency, reduce errors, and ultimately increase the ROI of our human workforce with AI.
Olive Assures: Olive Assures a path toward health assurance that starts with ensuring provider revenue via the use of predictive algorithms and artificial intelligence to pay claims in real-time. The end goal of Olive Assures is to deliver on the promise of proactive and interactive care for patients. Ultimately, Olive Assures will power and even author micro-customized health plan designs for self-insured employers, insurance brokers and government payers and will handle provider contracts, service availability, care delivery and financing of healthcare.
Olive Shares: Today, data is locked in different silos. Olive shares information to unlock the Internet of Healthcare by connecting different pieces of information for each patient so that the healthcare system can treat the patient in a holistic way with all the right information at the right time.
Omega: The second and perpetual phase of Olive. Omega starts on Olive’s first day of work and continues for as long as she has a job. The Omega phase supports automations with teams dedicated to each part of the promise, ensuring our customers are always in the know and supported. 
Omega Customer Success:  Just like any worker, the ability to effectively communicate is incredibly important. Olive communicates with her coworkers and managers the same way a human does; through email and other communication paths. Omega Customer Success overseas, coordinates, and executes all of Olive communications to her coworkers and managers. 
Omega Analysis: A team that performs data analysis – both as a product for customers and a function of Olive’s vision to reveal life-changing outcomes via the Internet of Healthcare. This team is responsible for delivering reports and trend analysis to customers and providing them with new insights and CPAs to help customers unleash both FTEs and dollars locked up in manual, tedious tasks. 
Omega Suite: The platform focused on the Omega phase of Olive. Functionality in Omega Suite helps the Omega team proactively monitor the work Olive does every day and manages the process for transitioning customers to Omega.  
Omega Watch: It is extremely important that Olive shows up for work every day. To make that happen, we must have an unflinching eye on Olive’s operations. We must have a dedicated team that is vigilantly watching Olive at all times. That team is Omega Watch.  They’re the front-line of Olive doing her most essential mission – delivering value to our customers.
Pi (Perpetual Impact): The metric that drives everything Olive does, and a big part of what AlphaSites monitor. Pi is the ROI an AI workforce delivers and is different from most technology investments. Other technologies or process changes have a one-time or bracketed return window. An AI workforce creates a sustained, enduring and perpetual impact. Pi extends into the future and grows in value as the AI worker learns and improves.
Reliability: Accounts for my uptime while working, and would be less than 100% if I had a sick day during the month.

Robotic Process Automation: Robotic process automation, or RPA, is used to automate repetitive, high-volume tasks that are rule-based and trigger-driven, like eligibility checks, claims statusing, and more.
Scoping: A Solution Architect’s investigation into the technical feasibility, economic impact, and method mapping of a CPA. This does not include process mapping.
Sensors: Sensors are the components that allow Olive Helps to observe and learn from the work humans are doing. Ex. Websites, Native Applications, Clipboard, Keystrokes.
Sick Days: One work day where Olive was unable to complete her work based on what is expected of me. There are two types of sick days. Internal sick days are caused by something within Olive’s control, and external sick days are caused by something outside of Olive’s control. An example of an internal sick day would be a password reset that was not completed before Olive’s delivery deadline. An external sick day example is when a portal is down Olive needs to access to complete her work. 

The Olive Promise: Olive figures out where she can have the biggest impact, onboards quickly, shows up for work every day, does her job extremely well, and gets smarter over time.
Vitals: Original performance data of a health system combined with CPAs or function areas where an AI workforce could have an impact.
Whispers: Real-time intelligence communicated to the human via Olive Helps, populating in the Olive Helps pane that shows up on the right side of a user’s screen. These insights are called Whispers.
Workflow: An approved business process that is defined to accomplish a specific set of tasks and ready to be built by Olive.


